Onboarding - Creating a new wallet page (#225)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet.md

---
layout: guide

> title: Creating a new a wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Creating a new wallet
```

description: Steps to take when creating a new wallet
parent: Onboarding
nav_order: 2
permalink: /guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/
main_classes: -no-top-padding

> ---

Reviewer: Are you planning on a preview image? Doesn't have to be an image that appears on the page, can be just for the link preview when sharing.

Author: Yeah, do you think we need a banner image as well?

Reviewer: Overall, this is your decision. My call would be to say yes. "A picture is worth a thousand words" is not an exaggeration, and a good header image can communicate way more quickly and efficiently what the page is about and set the tone than a 1-2 line text title. So I would heavily invest in creating good visuals.

Author: Spoken a bit about this on slack already but there is interest from other community members to take this on so unlikely to be a part of this PR.

Reviewer 2: Made an issue for this so people know its needed, I couldn't find the slack discussion what channel was it in Conor?

Author: I can't remember the thread now but we have similar issue open here as well - https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Guide/issues/207

> # What is a bitcoin wallet?

Reviewer: There's a disconnect with the page being called `Creating a new wallet` and the first big title being `What is a bitcoin wallet?`. I'd restructure slightly to make this consistent.

> First, bitcoin [wallets](https://bitcoin.design/guide/glossary/#wallet) are not analogous to their namesakes. Physical wallets are places to store physical currency, credit cards, IDs, and so on. Bitcoin wallets don't actually store bitcoin.

Reviewer: Also make sure to use relative URLs. No need for `https://bitcoin.design`.

> Instead, a bitcoin wallet contains the "private keys" to your bitcoin, the bitcoin is located on a network that contains a communally sustained public ledger with a record of everyone's transactions and balances (so think of bitcoin wallets more like keychains). Like regular keys on a keychain, these keys can be copied. For example, if you gave someone a copy of your house keys, they could get into your home. Likewise, if someone has a copy of your private key, they can access your funds. This makes private key management one of the most important considerations of any bitcoin owner.

Reviewer 3: > communally sustained public ledger

As a non-native speaker, I don't really find it easy to understand this.

Author: Yeah I don't love this, in fact, the term "public ledger" feels very antiquated and medieval to me. How about a spreadsheet?

> Instead, a bitcoin wallet contains the "private keys" to your bitcoin, the bitcoin is located on a network that contains a communally sustained public ledger with a record of everyone's transactions and balances (so think of bitcoin wallets more like keychains). Like regular keys on a keychain, these keys can be copied. For example, if you gave someone a copy of your house keys, they could get into your home. Likewise, if someone has a copy of your private key, they can access your funds. This makes private key management one of the most important considerations of any bitcoin owner.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Instead, a bitcoin wallet contains the "private keys" to your bitcoin, the bitcoin is located on a network that contains a communally sustained public ledger with a record of everyone's transactions and balances (so think of bitcoin wallets more like keychains).

 Like regular keys on a keychain, these keys can be copied. For example, if you gave someone a copy of your house keys, they could get into your home. Likewise, if someone has a copy of your private key, they can access your funds. This makes [private key management](/guide/private-key-management/introduction/) one of the most important considerations of any bitcoin owner.
```

There are a few different types of wallets that let you send, receive, and store bitcoin.

{% include /tip/open.html label="Tip: Break onboarding up" icon="info" color="blue" %}

> The wallet creation process is an excellent place to break things up into different activities, events, and tasks. For example, you might want to dedicate multiple screens to generate a recovery phrase and explain why it is essential.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The wallet creation process is an excellent place to break things up into different activities, events, and tasks. For example, you might want to dedicate multiple screens to generate a [recovery phrase](/guide/glossary/#recovery-phrase) and explain why it is essential.
```

{% include /tip/close.html %}

# Creating a new wallet

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/intro-screen.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/intro-screen@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "Onboarding intro screen"
   layout = "float-left-desktop -background -shadow"

>    caption = "From the [Onboarding Prototype](https://www.figma.com/proto/oLJlzjXqgoU7efgXJM8FlK/Onboarding-Prototypes?node-id=1%3A4&viewport=332%2C345%2C0.5653080344200134&scaling=min-zoom&page-id=0%3A1)"

Reviewer: The prototype doesn't work for me. Looks like this on desktop.

<img width="648" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/695901/114571873-4786f400-9c77-11eb-9369-7fc4d7ed7dc0.png">

Reviewer 3: Same here thought it was my adblock or something.

Author: 🚧

%}

After downloading a wallet application, users are typically presented with the option of either creating a new wallet or restoring an existing one. Obviously, first-time users will be going through the flow of creating a new wallet.

> Once an individual selects “create a new wallet”, it’s common for beginner friendly applications to first present informational carousels that provide a high level overview on the implications, benefits, and responsibility that comes along with having a non-custodial wallet. This moment is a great place to explain that, unlike traditional centralized financial products, a user’s “account” information cannot be recovered by the respective company. Rather, it is up to the user to safely protect their wallet information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once an individual selects “create a new wallet”, it’s typical for beginner-friendly applications to first present informational carousels that provide a high-level overview of the implications, benefits, and responsibility that comes with having a non-custodial wallet. This moment is a great place to explain that, unlike traditional centralized financial products, a user’s “account” information cannot be recovered by the respective company. Rather, it is up to the user to safely protect their wallet information.
```

</div>

{% include /tip/open.html label="Don’t: Hide the implications of a non-custodial wallet" icon="forbid" color="red" %}

> Within your onboarding process, be clear about what it means to have a non-custodial wallet. (and the responsibility that comes along with it). Within your onboarding process, be clear that “account” information cannot be recovered by your respective team.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Within your onboarding process, be clear about what it means to have a non-custodial wallet. (and the responsibility that comes along with it). Within your onboarding process, be clear that your respective team cannot recover " account” information.
```

{% include /tip/close.html %}

> While this may sound daunting to first-time users, it’s crucial that these caveats are not hidden. Doing so may severely compromise the safety of their funds, as their default assumptions and behaviors could potentially mimic how they typically use centralized applications (for example, feeling like it is OK if they forget their account information because they can contact customer support to help them recover it). According to a study conducted by Ekandari et al about the usability of cryptocurrency wallets, it became clear that users struggled greatly with technical terminology and feeling as though they had a lack of guidance during wallet setup. By walking users through a short set of carousels that clearly frame these Bitcoin-specific features, users will feel well-equipped to confidently navigate and use your wallet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While this may sound daunting to first-time users, these caveats mustn't be hidden. Doing so may severely compromise their funds' safety, as their default assumptions and behaviors could potentially mimic how they typically use centralized applications (for example, feeling like it is OK if they forget their account information because they can contact customer support to help them recover it). According to a study conducted by Ekandari et al about the usability of cryptocurrency wallets, it became clear that users struggled greatly with technical terminology and feeling as though they had a lack of guidance during wallet setup. By walking users through a short set of carousels that clearly frame these Bitcoin-specific features, users will feel well-equipped to confidently navigate and use your wallet.
```

> Users reported that they often felt like they lacked guidance and understanding during wallet setup
>
> <cite>As researched by <a href="https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.04351.pdf">Eskandari et al</a></cite>

<div class="image-slide-gallery">

> {% include picture.html

Reviewer: All images need `width` and `height` attributes. Also add better alt texts that describe the image content. I'd also recommend adding captions to provide design considerations.

You can use `layout = "shadow"` if you want the same effect (drop shadow and rounded corners) you use for the image above.

Reviewer: There's a typo in the first image, should be `receive`.

Author: I think we'll do what you mention below and go for the prototype component actually

Reviewer: My recommendation would be to show both the prototype component, and the image gallery. The prototype allows you to feel out the experience in a more realistic way. The image gallery allows you to understand the architecture of the experience and how it's been designed.

   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/first-onboarding-screen.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/first-onboarding-screen@2x.png"
   alt-text = "First onboarding screen"
%}

> {% include picture.html

Reviewer: Only one pagination dot in the second image instead of three.

Author: 🚧

   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/second-onboarding-screen.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/second-onboarding-screen@2x.png"
   alt-text = "Second onboarding screen"
%}

> {% include picture.html

Reviewer: Should be `nitty gritty` in the third image. No `k`.

   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/third-onboarding-screen.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/third-onboarding-screen@2x.png"
   alt-text = "Third onboarding screen"
%}

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/fourth-onboarding-screen.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/fourth-onboarding-screen@2x.png"
   alt-text = "Fourth onboarding screen"
%}

</div>

> *This prototype exhibits the typical first screen that users are shown after downloading a Bitcoin wallet, followed by an outline of suggested informational carousels that explicitly lay out/guide users on the unique features of non-custodial wallets to make sure they understand these caveats. These screens suggest talking about ownership of their “account”, explicitly stating the recovery mechanism that the respective wallet uses, and security measures that they should take to protect their wallet.*

Reviewer: Why is this text in italic at the bottom? Overall, the prototype doesn't seem well integrated into the page. The actual Figma prototype link appears in an image caption before a prototype is mentioned in the page content. I also didn't instantly connect the word prototype in this paragraph with the image sequence above (as that's just an image sequence and not a prototype). Would be great to clarify how this all ties together. If you want to highlight the prototype more, you could take the approach Daniel used in the case studies pages. There's a `prototype` include for this purpose, but you'd need to create that big preview image. Up to you.

---
layout: guide
title: Creating a new wallet
description: Steps to take when creating a new wallet
parent: Onboarding
nav_order: 2
permalink: /guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/
main_classes: -no-top-padding
---

# Creating a new wallet

> First, bitcoin [wallets]({{ 'guide/glossary/#wallet' | relative_url }}) are not analogous to their namesakes. Physical wallets are places to store physical currency, credit cards, IDs, and so on. Bitcoin wallets don't store bitcoin.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add something re-emphasizing the importance of self-custody referring to the foundations section of the guide: https://bitcoin.design/guide/foundations/principles/#self-custody.

> First, bitcoin [wallets]({{ 'guide/glossary/#wallet' | relative_url }}) are not analogous to their namesakes. Physical wallets are places to store physical currency, credit cards, IDs, and so on. Bitcoin wallets don't store bitcoin.

Author: Good shout 🚧

> Instead, a bitcoin wallet contains the "private keys" to your bitcoin. The bitcoin is located on a network that contains a public ledger similar in many ways to a spreadsheet with a record of everyone's transactions and balances (so think of bitcoin wallets more like keychains).

Author: Thanks for the suggestions.
 - The sentence before we say the bitcoin is not stored in a wallet and your change says the reverse straight after. I don't think it's accurate to say `bitcoin wallets store bitcoin` 
 -  Agree that they store other forms of data, but that is not their primary mechanism from my understanding they are primarily a key generation and used for signing transactions. I'm also making this comparison to what someone might be used to in terms of a physical wallet.
 - Tried to avoid the term blockchain here are just describe what it does by using something a think is more relatable e.g spreadsheet 
 - Agree, will update to make sure it's clear that it is the Bitcoin network.
 - Agree, nice suggestion.
 - Agree, another nice suggestion.

Updated to use a few of the suggested changes.

> Instead, a bitcoin wallet contains the "private keys" to your bitcoin. The bitcoin is located on a network that contains a public ledger similar in many ways to a spreadsheet with a record of everyone's transactions and balances (so think of bitcoin wallets more like keychains).

Reviewer 2: > The sentence before we say the bitcoin is not stored in a wallet and your change says the reverse straight after. I don't think it's accurate to say bitcoin wallets store bitcoin

I changed it to `stores bitcoin private keys` - It's the same as the original sentence just more concise. 

Glad I could help out!

 Like regular keys on a keychain, bitcoin private keys can be copied. For example, if you gave someone a copy of your house keys, they can unlock the door to your home. Likewise, if someone has a copy of your private key, they can access your bitcoin. This makes [private key management]({{ '/guide/private-key-management/introduction' | relative_url }}) one of the most important considerations of any bitcoin owner.

> There are a few different types of wallets that let you send, receive, store and manage bitcoin.

Reviewer: You don't explain what those types are...? Do you mean categories of wallets, or just different apps like Blue, Muun, Core, etc.

Author: Good point. In terms of types i'm thinking more...
 - Multi-Sig
 - Watch-only
 - Desktop
 - Paper
 As opposed to specfic vendors, a bit cautious to just list them if we don't places with clear defintions of them. I need to go through the glossary again maybe.

Reviewer: A simple solution could be:

`There are a few different types of wallets that let you send, receive, store and manage bitcoin. For this page, we focus on regular single-key wallets which are the ones most commonly used.`

{% include /tip/open.html label="Tip: Break onboarding up" icon="info" color="blue" %}

> Wallet creation during onboarding is an excellent opportunity to educate your users. For example, using several screens when generating a  [recovery phrase]({{ '/guide/glossary/#recovery-phrase' | relative_url }}) to empasize it's importance. 

Reviewer: Maybe add "This allows users to focus on one task at a time, reducing the possibility of getting overwhelmed or making mistakes."?

Author: Updating 🚧

{% include /tip/close.html %}

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/onboarding-welcome-screen.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/onboarding-welcome-screen@2x.png"
   width = 250
   height = 250
   alt-text = "Onboarding welcome screen"
   layout = "float-left-desktop -background -shadow"
%}

Most wallets will begin the onboarding process with creating a new or restoring an existing wallet. Clearly, users new to bitcoin will be going through the flow of creating a new wallet.

> Once an individual selects “create a new wallet”, it’s typical for beginner-friendly applications to first present informational carousels that provide a high-level overview of the implications, benefits, and responsibility that comes with having a [non-custodial]({{ '/guide/glossary/#non-custodial--custodial-wallet' | relative_url }}) wallet. This moment is a great place to explain that, unlike traditional centralized financial products, a user’s “account” information cannot be recovered by the respective company. Rather, it is up to the user to safely protect their wallet information.

Reviewer: You use the term "non-custodial" here, was this already explained earlier? Maybe link to the glossary?

Reviewer: I wonder if it needs to be clarified at the top of the page that this is about non-custodial wallets only.

Author: I've changed all references of non-custodial to self-custodial now I think

> Once an individual selects “create a new wallet”, it’s typical for beginner-friendly applications to first present informational carousels that provide a high-level overview of the implications, benefits, and responsibility that comes with having a [non-custodial]({{ '/guide/glossary/#non-custodial--custodial-wallet' | relative_url }}) wallet. This moment is a great place to explain that, unlike traditional centralized financial products, a user’s “account” information cannot be recovered by the respective company. Rather, it is up to the user to safely protect their wallet information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creating a new wallet often begins with educating users about the trade offs that come with your self-custody wallet. These may include, but are not limited to:

- Users bitcoin are non-recoverable if they lose access to their private keys.
- How are the private keys backed up? Write down recovery phrase, automatic cloud backup etc.
- When are (if) private keys are backed up if for example using cloud backup. Can users choose say Google Drive or iCloud?
- insert suggestion here...

```

Author: Making the change to `self-custodial`.

> Once an individual selects “create a new wallet”, it’s typical for beginner-friendly applications to first present informational carousels that provide a high-level overview of the implications, benefits, and responsibility that comes with having a [self-custodial]({{ '/guide/glossary/#self-custody' | relative_url }}) wallet. This moment is a great place to explain that, unlike traditional centralized financial products, a user’s “account” information cannot be recovered by the respective company. Rather, it is up to the user to safely protect their wallet information.

Author: I'm on board with `show don't tell`. We do show some onboarding carousels further down on the page which I think are sufficient for now.

> Once an individual selects “create a new wallet”, it’s typical for beginner-friendly applications to first present informational carousels that provide a high-level overview of the implications, benefits, and responsibility that comes with having a [self-custodial]({{ '/guide/glossary/#self-custody' | relative_url }}) wallet. This moment is a great place to explain that, unlike traditional centralized financial products, a user’s “account” information cannot be recovered by the respective company. Rather, it is up to the user to safely protect their wallet information.

Reviewer 3: Indeed, should we move them up, as I'm reading that page i just started visualising that paragraph and then realized it's already there at the bottom?

> Once an individual selects “create a new wallet”, it’s typical for beginner-friendly applications to first present informational carousels that provide a high-level overview of the implications, benefits, and responsibility that comes with having a [self-custodial]({{ '/guide/glossary/#self-custody' | relative_url }}) wallet. This moment is a great place to explain that, unlike traditional centralized financial products, a user’s “account” information cannot be recovered by the respective company. Rather, it is up to the user to safely protect their wallet information.

Author: We also have this just before the carousel images so might not be needed.

`By walking users through a short set of carousels that clearly frame the features of self-custody Bitcoin wallets, users will feel well-equipped to navigate and use the wallet confidently.`

</div>

{% include /tip/open.html label="Don’t: Hide the implications of a non-custodial wallet" icon="forbid" color="red" %}

> Within your onboarding process, be clear about what it means to have a non-custodial wallet. (and the responsibility that comes along with it). Within your onboarding process, be clear that your respective team cannot recover " account” information.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Within your onboarding process, be clear about what it means to have a non-custodial wallet and the responsibility that they must accept. Within your onboarding process, be clear that your respective team cannot recover "account" information.
```

> Within your onboarding process, be clear about what it means to have a non-custodial wallet and the responsibility that they must accept. Within your onboarding process, be clear that your respective team cannot recover "account" information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within your onboarding process, be clear about what it means to have a self-custody wallet and the responsibility that they must accept. Within your onboarding process, be clear that your respective team cannot recover "account" information.
```

Reviewer 2: Would we recommend that the backup process happens during onboarding? What about wallets that don't do this? Maybe mention some details about this and the tradeoffs of both options.

Author: Totally agree, there is so much more depth to go in here. However try view this through the lens of the absolute beginner who we want to give some foundational knowledge to. We will add the details as the guide evolves. Might be better to approach what you suggested in seperate PR.

{% include /tip/close.html %}

> While this may sound daunting to first-time users, these caveats mustn't be hidden. Doing so may severely compromise their funds' safety, as their default assumptions and behaviors could potentially mimic how they typically use centralized applications (for example, feeling like it is OK if they forget their account information because they can contact customer support to help them recover it). According to a study conducted by Ekandari et al about the usability of cryptocurrency wallets, it became clear that users struggled greatly with technical terminology and feeling as though they had a lack of guidance during wallet setup. By walking users through a short set of carousels that clearly frame these Bitcoin-specific features, users will feel well-equipped to confidently navigate and use your wallet.

Reviewer: There is a bit of repetition in the paragraph next to the image, the "Don't" copy, and the subsequent paragraph. For example:
- "...a user’s “account” information cannot be recovered by the respective company..."
- "...be clear that your respective team cannot recover “ account” information..."
- "...their account information because they can contact customer support to help them recover it..."

It might be possible to get rid of the "Don't" box and tighten the content up a bit between the two remaining paragraphs.

Author: I would say that the repetition, in this case, isn't overdone and it's a really important point so would lean towards leaving it for now. I'm open to concrete content suggestions though...

> While this may sound daunting to first-time users, these caveats mustn't be hidden. Doing so may severely compromise their funds' safety, as their default assumptions and behaviors could potentially mimic how they typically use centralized applications (for example, feeling like it is OK if they forget their account information because they can contact customer support to help them recover it). According to a study conducted by Ekandari et al about the usability of cryptocurrency wallets, it became clear that users struggled greatly with technical terminology and feeling as though they had a lack of guidance during wallet setup. By walking users through a short set of carousels that clearly frame these Bitcoin-specific features, users will feel well-equipped to confidently navigate and use your wallet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While this may sound daunting to first-time users, these caveats mustn't be hidden. Doing so may severely compromise their funds' safety, as their default assumptions and behaviors could potentially mimic how they typically use centralized applications (for example, feeling like it is OK if they forget their account information because they can contact customer support to help them recover it). According to a study conducted by Ekandari et al about the usability of cryptocurrency wallets, it became clear that users struggled greatly with technical terminology and feeling as though they had a lack of guidance during wallet setup. By walking users through a short set of carousels that clearly frame the features of self-custody bitcoin wallets, users will feel well-equipped to confidently navigate and use your wallet.
```

Reviewer 2: Important to keep emphasizing self-custody principle. Not all bitcoin wallets are built the same

> > Users reported that they often felt like they lacked guidance and understanding during wallet setup

Reviewer: Should we have quotation marks in block quotes?

Author: I think it's okay to not have them as long as there is a citation.

>
> <cite>As researched by <a href="https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.04351.pdf">Eskandari et al</a></cite>

<div class="image-slide-gallery">

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/product-intro-1.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/product-intro-1@2x.png"
   alt-text = "Introduction screen explaining ownership"
   caption = "Talk about ownership"
   width = 250
   height = 541
%}

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/product-intro-2.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/product-intro-2@2x.png"
   alt-text = "Introduction screen explaining recovery"
   caption = "Talk about recovery"
   width = 250
   height = 541
%}

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/product-intro-3.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/product-intro-3@2x.png"
   alt-text = "Introduction screen explaining security"
   caption = "Talk about security"
   width = 250
   height = 541
%}

</div>

> The above screens exhibit the typical first screens that users are shown after downloading a Bitcoin wallet, followed by an outline of suggested informational carousels that explicitly lay out/guide users on the unique features of non-custodial wallets to make sure they understand these caveats. These screens suggest talking about ownership of their “account”, explicitly stating the recovery mechanism that the respective wallet uses, and security measures that they should take to protect their wallet.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Above exhibits the typical first screens that users are shown after downloading a Bitcoin wallet, followed by an outline of suggested informational carousels that explicitly lay out/guide users on the unique features of non-custodial wallets to make sure they understand these caveats. These screens suggest talking about ownership of their “account”, explicitly stating the recovery mechanism that the respective wallet uses, and security measures that they should take to protect their wallet.
```

---

> Ok, now let's look at backing up a recovery phrase (coming soon)

Reviewer: So, this page is actually not about creating a new wallet. It ends with the carousel of info that prepares you for creating a wallet. The actual wallet creation is something the application does in a split second by creating those words, a process the user has no influence on. I don't remember right now if you explain that in the next page, but if not, maybe clarify this here? If not, should the page be called something like "Making new users comfortable"?

Author: This is an important point, so at a high level, this page covers the following.

 - Bitcoin wallets being radically different from what a user may be accustomed to in the real world. 
 - Self custody giving full control
 - Bitcoin wallets as keychains 
 - Step by step approach to onboarding 
 - Setting expectations related to self custody e.g "no account recovery"
 - Carousels as a tool for guidance and understanding

I think you are right to say the actual key generation component is missing here so I think it should be included but the more practical nature of this comes in the subsequent sections. In terms of the title of the page, I do see these as crucial steps in creating a new wallet flow even though it doesn't explicitly cover the random number generating process, I will include it though

---
layout: guide
title: Creating a new wallet
description: Steps to take when creating a new wallet
parent: Onboarding
nav_order: 2
permalink: /guide/onboarding/creating-a-new-wallet/
main_classes: -no-top-padding
---

# Creating a new wallet

First, bitcoin [wallets]({{ 'guide/glossary/#wallet' | relative_url }}) are not analogous to their namesakes. Physical wallets are places to store physical currency, credit cards, IDs, and so on. Bitcoin wallets don't store bitcoin. However, the [self custodial]({{ 'guide/glossary/#self-custody' | relative_url }})  nature of bitcoin wallets gives users full control of what they do with their bitcoin.

> Instead, a bitcoin wallet contains the "private keys" to your bitcoin. The bitcoin is located on the Bitcoin network that contains a public ledger similar in many ways to a spreadsheet with a record of everyone's transactions and balances. Private keys let you access bitcoin associated with those keys. A more suitable analogy for a bitcoin wallet would be a keychain.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Instead, a Bitcoin wallet contains the "private keys" to your bitcoin. The bitcoin is located on the Bitcoin network that contains a public ledger similar in many ways to a spreadsheet with a record of everyone's transactions and balances. Private keys let you access bitcoin associated with those keys. A more suitable analogy for a Bitcoin wallet would be a keychain.
```

>  Like regular keys on a keychain, bitcoin private keys can be copied. For example, if you gave someone a copy of your house keys, they can unlock the door to your home. Likewise, if someone has a copy of your private key, they can access your bitcoin. This makes [private key management]({{ '/guide/private-key-management/introduction' | relative_url }}) one of the most important considerations of any bitcoin owner.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 Like regular keys on a keychain, Bitcoin private keys can be copied. For example, if you gave someone a copy of your house keys, they can unlock the door to your home. Likewise, if someone has a copy of your private key, they can access your bitcoin. This makes [private key management]({{ '/guide/private-key-management/introduction' | relative_url }}) one of the most important considerations of any bitcoin owner.
```

>  Most bitcoin wallets will automatically generate users private keys, it is usually not something a user controls. We will look at practical design solutions for guiding users through this process in the next section. For now, this page explains how we can help get a user comfortable with the idea of a self-custodial wallet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 Most bitcoin wallets will automatically generate users' private keys, it is usually not something a user controls. We will look at practical design solutions for guiding users through this process in the next section. For now, this page explains how we can help get a user comfortable with the idea of a self-custodial wallet.
```

> There are a few different types of wallets that let you send, receive, store and manage bitcoin. For this page, we focus on regular single-key wallets which are the ones most commonly used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A few different types of wallets let you send, receive, store, and manage bitcoin. For this page, we focus on regular single-key wallets, which are the ones most commonly used.
```

Reviewer 2: Might be worth adding that it mostly focuses on mobile wallets and not desktop / web. 

Also add "...we focus on regular single-key self-custody wallets,..."
